alhamd Sal joins us now from occupied
East Jerusalem andhd that's just to
recap we know that strikes more Israeli
air strikes are going on right across
Gaza take us through the
Carnage several different areas of Gaza
being hit by Relentless Israeli
bombardment at this hour let's begin in
the south in the territory's second
largest city of on Unice where at least
seven Palestinians have been killed
there as the bombings have now reached
the vicinity of the analid hospital and
medical complex Health authorities are
saying that there are a number of
injuries who are arriving at the medical
facilities and a lot of them are
children additionally in Rafa in the
South where hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians have been forced to flee to
some of them multiple times they were
told that that was a safe area by the
the Israeli Army despite the Relentless
attacks that have been going on there
since the announcement that it was a
quote safe Zone continuous Israeli Air
Raids in that part of the territory as
well several deaths reported and a
number of injured arriving at Al Kuai
Hospital in Rafa let's move to the
central part of Gaza now to the refugee
camps we're talking about Al magazi Al B
among others and remember that Al magazi
just more than 24 hours ago 100
Palestinians were killed at least 100
Palestinians killed there in Israeli air
strikes last night and a number of
injuries there as the Relentless
bombardment and artillery from the
military continues people in Gaza
continuously tell us that there is no
safe place for them and the Israeli Army
says that they're going to continue this
military campaign via Land Air and sea
despite the catastrophic and dire
humanitarian situation that has unfolded
that has now killed more than 21,000
Palestinians the injured are nearing
55,000 and not to mention the thousands
who are still missing and fear Dead who
are trapped under the rubble Sammy Alam
stay with us there for a second uh we're
going to come back to you but uh you've
been covering news for us out of the
occupied West Bank too that's where the
Israel military is continuing its
nightly raids let's just bring you some
pictures in from taram where several
incursions are taking place forces
surrounded the norm refugee camp sealing
off all entrances raids are also taking
place in other parts of the West Bank
with reports of arrests so hamda also
reports of wounded people waiting for
ambulances in toam are they getting
through the Israeli Army has prevented
medical staff and ambulances from
reaching wounded pal Palestinians in the
nud Shams refugee camp in tarim there
are several raids going on across the
occupied West Bank this evening but
let's begin in nudm where the largest of
the Israeli military operations is still
taking place at this hour Israeli forces
have completely surrounded the refugee
camp as locals say internet and comms
have been completely stopped Israeli
bulldozers and other military vehicles
seen ripping up the streets on their way
in into the refugee camp surrounding the
houses and raiding the homes of wanted
Palestinian Fighters Fierce clashes and
sounds of explosions still ongoing and
several arrests reported there we're
following an additional raid in the
tarim refugee camp but that's not all
there are raids in Bethlehem in the
outskirts of ramala in hibron in tubas
just to name a few in hibron you're
looking at at least 15 arrests in beim
two arrest both of them women this is a
continuation of Israel's campaign to
crack down on Palestinian armed
resistance across the occupied West Bank
since October the 7th these near nightly
raids have intensified you're looking at
several thousand Palestinians who have
been arrested in the occupied West Bank
alone and 303 Palestinians killed before
October the 7th it was already the
deadliest year on record for
Palestinians in the occupied territories
had 511 killed since the beginning of
the year Sammy thank you so much
alhamd